alright so I'm back I've put the
vertical fin on make sure everything's
all good major is still straight and the
toe the tension and the tail boat was
still good now it's time to put on the
landing skid it's a learning scape you
get these little black rubber plastic
things I personally don't use them put
them on if you want I'll show you where
they go you get four little self tapping
screws two hoops two pipes and you get 4
plus against you go into the end of your
pipes you just put them in with a little
bit of CA and a little bit of kick up
and you're done alright so first step
just grab one of these hoops did you
come over to your heli now the way it's
meant to go on your heli if you look at
it see how it sweeps forward that's the
way you meant to put it on I don't do
that I'll put them backwards Torres ins
books more aggressive a little bit
better look a little bit better looking
and also if you look at the back here
with split forward if you project a line
down from the bottom of your tail from
the bottom of your main shaft down to
where the front of that skit is its
buried pipes your center of gravity is
on that main shaft and if you do have
them reversed makes a little bit more
stable and learning and take off as well
as looking better so flip this upside
down I usually do this in my lap it's a
lot easier to do nitrile helicopters put
in your tail skins on is one of the
first things you do so that you can work
with it otherwise it gets too big and
too heavy and they're rather difficult
to work on so I just put this screw onto
the driver and just put one screw in
through that skid and into the black
plastic log of that Vice plight
tensioner up there we go don't need
locked out on this it's not a critical
component doesn't really matter so i'll
go through i'll put the other ones in
and i'll be back